What is up guys and Malcolm X so now and this video we will be working with the team.
And this is the most amazing board because you guys are going to love this.
OK.
So where are them and how are they used for it and for disco to dashboard.
And then I just go to appearance and then the teams then you can see that WordPress comes with three
default teams that are already installed.
2017 2015 and 2016.
So these are the teams that are already installed and wordpress.
I can just go ahead I can activate any other team.
So lets suppose that I want to activate this 2016 team.
OK I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit activate and I'm just activating.
You can see that I will be having a different look for my web site you can see that my website is totally
changed.
OK.
We have this right here.
And then I just come here and I have this about this page and this is my about us I have the blog page
with these I have the Contact Us page and everything but this has totally changed the sidebar is constantly
coming here.
OK.
And there might be different functions for the.
Well.
You can see we have different things for it customize.
Instead of this so every theme comes with different customization.
I just wanted to tell you this.
Now let's just go ahead and let's just have a look at the most popular teams that we have here.
So you can see that there are so many teams that you can add and Burkely that.
So let's suppose that this is the team or this is the team.
OK.
If I just want to add it or if I want to work with this one this is the team I can just go ahead.
I can.
Installed is and on just installing.
I will just hit activated and this team will be activated as well and in my all team section you can
see this team is coming.
OK.
So they can see how it is looking.
I just come here and I just view my website.
ALEX Have a look at this.
You can see is this the home page is this.
OK which is already here and the content area is coming here.
OK.
So this is all the content area.
And then we have this coming and the slider is already coming here but we haven't added it.
OK.
So how are you going to customize it.
How we're going to do that for that we have to read the documentation or we can just go ahead and we
can go to customize and in the Customize section we can manage it.
OK.
You can see that we have different things and we also have the documentation for that.
We can learn that how this team works.
OK.
It's going to tell us everything that we have the page layout and everything.
But let's just go ahead and let's quickly edited if I wanted to edit this.
OK I want to go to team options and here you can see the team option just right here.
I want to go to the home page and in the home page featured I have this OK so I can just manage it right
here.
Let's suppose that I want to switch it on.
OK.
And then I want to add the area.
So it's going to be like angled double left.
So it's going to be like double left angle here.
And then here I can add the title to that is going to be like hello.
Hello OK.
How old.
OK.
And this will appear here.
So this is how it works.
Seriously guys.
Promise promise by God I have just installed this team right now.
I didn't know about this thing.
OK.
And now I am editing this theme just because just by installing that.
So this is the experience that you get guys.
OK.
So I'll just tell you about this experience I'm going to just work.
I'm just going to go through all of the teams I'm going to tell you about different type of things I'm
going to tell you how you work with this team how to work with that team and then how to edit that team.
And then you will understand it who will then be able to edit any theme you just go ahead you just sit
on you.
And then you can understand that.
OK.
So now you know everything about WordPress.
But you have to work on the projects.
And then will be a WordPress expert not by just understanding WordPress.
So then we go to the popular Darb you can see that we have so many themes.
OK.
We have this this and this and everything.
Let's just go ahead and let's quickly just work with this team.
OK if I just go ahead and I just said install OK and then I go ahead and I just hit activate it again
see the Steimle be activated so I can pretty well manage with different teams I can work with like how
different team work and all this work.
So you can see these teams are added but this team is activated.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to view my website I'm going to see how does it look.
OK you can see this is how it is looking at this change in custom Isar.
We have about as blog contactors and we go down and this is how it is looking.
We have to get in touch and we have these rates here.
So this is how the team works.
But I wanted to just explain to you how team works ok not how to edit.
Any team will understand it because there is no tutorial that will teach you like how to edit anything.
OK.
This is from the experience that you'll get by the projects what you will do.
So in the upcoming videos we will be doing the projects then you will understand much better.
So let's just go ahead and quickly learn about the plug.
So for that I want to go ahead and I want to switch back to my teams and then I want to switch back
to the 20:17 so that we can work with the plugins so I can see that we are totally done with the teams
in the next video.
I'll show you how can you work with a plug in.
And where are the plug ins and why are so much important.
Goodbye.